---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_aws_org_vpc_peering_connection Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an AWS VPC peering connection with an Aiven Organization VPC.
---

# aiven_aws_org_vpc_peering_connection (Resource)

Creates and manages an AWS VPC peering connection with an Aiven Organization VPC.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aws_account_id` (String) AWS account ID. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `aws_vpc_id` (String) AWS VPC ID. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `aws_vpc_region` (String) The AWS region of the peered VPC. For example, `eu-central-1`.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Aiven Organization VPC. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `aws_vpc_peering_connection_id` (String) The ID of the AWS VPC peering connection.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) Identifier of the organization.
- `organization_vpc_id` (String) Identifier of the organization VPC.
- `peering_connection_id` (String) The ID of the peering connection.
- `state` (String) State of the peering connection. The possible values are `ACTIVE`, `APPROVED`, `APPROVED_PEER_REQUESTED`, `DELETED`, `DELETED_BY_PEER`, `DELETING`, `ERROR`, `INVALID_SPECIFICATION`, `PENDING_PEER` and `REJECTED_BY_PEER`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_aws_org_vpc_peering_connection.example ORGANIZATION_ID/ORGANIZATION_VPC_ID/AWS_ACCOUNT_ID/AWS_VPC_ID/AWS_REGION
```
